Copyright 2023 University of Klagenfurt - Control of Networked Systems (CNS)

BSD-2 with additional conditions

The Software is provided to you by the Licensor under the License, as defined
below, subject to the following condition.

Without limiting other conditions in the License, the grant of rights under the
License will not include, and the License does not grant to you, the right to
Sell the Software.

For purposes of the foregoing, “Sell” means practicing any or all of the rights
granted to you under the License to provide to third parties, for a fee or other
consideration (including without limitation fees for hosting or consulting/
support services related to the Software), a product or service whose value
derives from, or exploits the functionality of the Software in any way. Any
license notice or attribution required by the License must also include this
License Condition notice.

IF THE SOFTWARE IS USED IN AN ACADEMIC SETTING, THE AUTHORS OF THE SOFTWARE MUST
BE CITED. The proper citation format is listed in the README.md file.

No express or implied license in any of the Licensor's patents is granted nor
shall any of the provisions of the License be construed in such way. Any license
notice or attribution required by the License must also include this notice.

Software: MSCEqF
License: BSD-2-Clause
Licensor: University of Klagenfurt - Control of Networked Systems (CNS)


BSD-2-Clause-License:

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without modification,
are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation and/or
other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS" AND
ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR
ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES
(INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES;
LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON
ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT
(INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS
SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

